[plugin-lighthouse] Add ability to generate lighthouse diff report (#5933)
vividus-framework/vividus: docs/modules/plugins/pages/plugin-lighthouse.adoc

|Cumulative Layout Shift |LESS_THAN   |100      |
|Speed Index             |LESS_THAN   |1500     |
----

=== Generate Lighthouse results diff

Generates comparison diff between two Lighthouse JSON results. The diff example can be found https://googlechrome.github.io/lighthouse-ci/difftool/?baseReport=https://googlechrome.github.io/lighthouse-ci/packages/server/test/fixtures/lh-5-6-0-verge-a.json&compareReport=https://googlechrome.github.io/lighthouse-ci/packages/server/test/fixtures/lh-5-6-0-verge-b.json[here].

[source,gherkin]
----
When I generate Lighthouse diff from comparison of baseline at path `$baselineJsonResultPath` and checkpoint at path `$checkpointJsonResultPath`
----

> * `$baselineJsonResultPath` - The path to resource or file containing baseline Lighthouse JSON results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `$baselineJsonResultPath` - The xref:ROOT:glossary.adoc#_resource[resource name] or the path of file containing baseline Lighthouse JSON results.

.
```

> * `$checkpointJsonResultPath` - The path to resource or file containing checkpoint Lighthouse JSON results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `$checkpointJsonResultPath` - The xref:ROOT:glossary.adoc#_resource[resource name] or the path of file containing checkpoint Lighthouse JSON results.
```
